Next, the government will decide on April 1st to hold a general election of the People's Liberation Army.
The government will decide on April 1st to hold a general election of the People's Liberation Army.
The People's Liberation Army should not be elected directly.
The government should make a great contribution to the development of the People's Movement of the People's Liberation Army.
The government should make a great contribution to the development of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Liberation Army.
The government should make a great contribution to the development of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of the People's Movement of